Author nickname MUST be prefixed by `@` (#160)
yiisoft/docs: 021-changelog-upgrade.md

## 1.0.1 March 23, 2021

> - Bug #42: Short description of the change (@author1, @author2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #42: Short description of the change (`@author1`, `@author2`)
```

Author: Not need wrap nicknames as code: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#mentioning-people-and-teams

In the changelog file lines should be ordered as New, Chg, Enh, Bug.

"#42" above is the number of issue or pull request corresponding to the change. "author1" is the GitHub nickname of the

> code author. "author2" is additional author. Author nickname MUST be prefixed by `@`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code author. "author2" is additional author. An author's nickname *must* be prefixed with `@`.
```

Author: Keywords "must", "should" and etc. are usually written in uppercase. For example, [PSR documents](https://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-11/) or [Yii docs](https://github.com/yiisoft/docs/blob/master/000-packages.md#php-versions-support).
